hello fellow youtube and today i'm gonna
talk about some underrated player who go
up in price and hope you guys all right
so let's get first center defensive mid
he's spanish and guys yes you guessed
that he plays for liga BBVA and he's in
barcelona so do you know that is oh yes
it's Busquets and I'm talking about
Busquets because he's gone very very low
on price at the moment and I think it's
because everyone's used to the fact that
that Pacey is such a big man off but
since strength is he's six foot two and
he's got 78 strength which means he's
gonna be needed in 314 so you guys can
pick him up for three and a half k i'm
pretty sure he will rise to at least 15
20 k cuz he guys it discussed for 100
680 coins and someone like Lewandowski
this guy's for 680 a coin so guys I know
there's a difference obviously pays
nothing but since base is not a big
factor I think he will be he's one of
the best in the defensive Meads there is
so guys if you want invest in him and
I'm pretty sure you make your money back
all rights as you can see 3.5 k there's
so many people putting them out so if
you have a lot of money right now
investing in and selling for six k7k put
him up you know and i know it's pretty
bad because it's good everyone's gonna
price fix anyone so you might as well do
with him who will go for a lot in the
end so yeah if you haven't if you have a
little bit money keeping in your club
and when it comes out i'm pretty sure
you will make your money back and you
will be happy unless you wanted me the
team then that's cool so guys yeah I
found him today and I was like really
shocked how much was going for is gonna
go for 15k already and then I was like
well it's very different anyway guys so
guys thanks for watching um please click
the like to help me out and subscribe
and keeping soon because next episode
I'll be doing trading alright so thanks